
<h1 align="center"> Github Profile Readme Creator </h1>
<h4 align="center">Create a README.md file for your profile in less than a minute!<br/></h4>

<p align="center">
The website for this source code is deployed <a href="https://github.com/faisal-gits/Github-Profile-Readme-Generator">
here.</a>
<br/>
:star: Star me on GitHub — It helps!<br/>
 </p>
 <p align="center">
  <a href="#usage">Usage</a> •
  <a href="#features">Features</a> •
  <a href="https://faisal-gits.github.io/Github-Profile-Readme-Generator/">View Demo</a> •
</p>

---

## Usage
1. Login to your Github account and create a new public repository with the same name as your username.
2. Initialize this repository with a readme.md file which would then be visible on your home page.
3. Open the website deployed using the above source code by clicking [<u>here</u>](https://faisal-gits.github.io/Github-Profile-Readme-Generator/) and fill in the details you want to display
to your visitors.
4. Copy/Download the markdown dynamically generated by filling the form.
5. Paste the markdown content to your readme.md file (Created in step 2) and commit the changes.
6. Congratulations! Your profile should be visible with a readme.md file now.

## Features
* Displays Basic information in user-friendly and intutitve way.
* Badges for all social media links and portfolio.
* Link your Resume to your Github Profile.
* Monitor hits on your profile by `Profile Views`.
* Get Stats for your github profile such as `Total Stars`, `Total Commits`, `Total Pull Requests` and many more.
* Get distribution on various programming languages used by you.

## Contributions
Contributions are welcomed! <3 <br/>
Open an issue or a pull request to contribute.
